Add teamTemplate cmdlets to the available list (#6946)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-powershell-release-notes.md

| March 2020 | [1.0.5](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/MicrosoftTeams/1.0.5) |<li>Added New-CsBatchPolicyAssignmentOperation</li> |
| Feb 2020 | [1.0.4](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/MicrosoftTeams/1.0.4) | <li>Get-Team optimizations</li>  |

### Cmdlet availability

> [!NOTE]

> > The list in the table below only includes cmdlets that are natively part of the Teams PowerShell module. The Teams cmdlets in the S[kype for Business Online Connector module](/powershell/skype/intro?view=skype-ps) are not displayed. However, as those cmdlets are migrated natively into Teams PowerShell, we'll add them to this table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The list in the following table only includes cmdlets that are natively part of the Teams PowerShell module. The Teams cmdlets in the [Skype for Business Online Connector module](/powershell/skype/intro?view=skype-ps) are not displayed. However, as those cmdlets are migrated natively into Teams PowerShell, we'll add them to this table.
```
